# ABATech_AI_test
In this explanatory README file we will explain the techniques to deploy an Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) given the demopgraphic and company-based data given by the company **ABATech** located in Medellin, Colombia. This company provides outsourcing and consultancy services to clinical and custom corporation in the United States. Here we will explain first the **EDA** with the instruction to deploy it and also the instructions to evaluate three different classifiers, such as, logistic, SVM, and Neural Network for satisfaction decoding from two-class problem with data trials labelled with **satisfied** and **dissatisfied**. In this implementation we extend statistical features from the original features of the data, thus obtaining an accuracy higher than **0.95** with the best classifier and for a **5-fold** crossvalidation. To clarify, we do not utilize an autoencoder to reduce the dimensionality of the features given the evident unbalance between the number of sample and the number of features **n_samples >> n_features**. This fact encourage us to extend or generate more features from the 22 original features. The original features included in this implementation were **Gender**,	**Patient Type**,	**Age**,	**Ensurance**,	**Class**,	**Clinic Distance**,	**Wifi**,	**Time convenience**,	**Online booking**,	**Clinic location**,	**Food and drink**,	**Waiting room**,	**Comfort of the facilities**,	**Inflight entertainment**,	**Pre-entry service**,	**Post-entry service**,	**Visitor service**,	**Check-in service**,	**Medic service**,	**Cleanliness**,	**Waiting time (min)**, and	**Delay in care (min)**. Some of them were categorical, other integer, and some few float type, such as the time features. Now we proceed to explain the EDA and the model evaluations.

# Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)
In the EDA we implement two types of analysis. 1) an **univariate analysis** plotting a) **stem and leaf** plots using the stemgraphic package, b) a **histogram** plot separating the **satisfied** and **dissatisfied** distributions, and c) a **boxplot** comparing the **satisfied** and **dissatisfied** distributions one to the side of the other. This analysis is doing univariate, this means that the user can parse the index or the name of the individual feature he/she want to analyze. If more than one feature index or name is given to the code a 2) **multivariate analysis** is deployed including a) a **grouped boxplot** plotting the variation of all the selected features put as parameters comparing **satisfied** and **dissatisfied** distributions one to the side of the other, and b) a **scatter-plot** for each combination of features given as input parameters. 

Remember to run this before start running any Python code or command. Remember to have installed a version of **Python>=3.8** as well as pip and python-dev. Now the first step to start running the code is to install the requirements specified in the **requirements.txt** file, please download it. You can proceed with the following command in  pip. 

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

